STAN_ABBA
1
yeah ALL workers are exploited. the issue is not the food that anyone chooses to eat, but how it’s produced https://t.co/WhZcgaoCh6
@dani_crear FUCKING SAMW
afterglow is a perfect track, idk what else to say
@kevinbargerr WHY IS THIS ACTUALLY SO FUNNY
everytime i listen to this new demi album all i can think of is bren saying “you said she wouldn’t do numbers and look at you now. a number” OKAY WHAT ABOUT IT
i love when scholars (or really anyone) look at gay writing from women and say shit like “she was writing from a male perspective!” like it makes the piece any LESS gay
@bloodpop @charli_xcx BEGGING FOR CHARLI
@dani_crear *midwestern tik tok mom voice* i love you so much but get ya head out of your ass
i take back what i said about demi — it’s a good album
“*well know and talented actor* will ALWAYS understand the assignment” as if it’s not their paid profession to do exactly that
camila cabello makes bad music
still can’t believe billie queerbaited us
the demi one was a reach who’s even listening to demi in 2021
demi about to flop with this new album
ugh that last one hurt me i love this taylor era
gaga deserved aoty over folklore
i literally do not know any stan slang that isn’t butchered aave this is so hard
taylor stays outselling camila
i have never heard a lana del rey song and i do not plan to
who tf is taylor swift
who is ariana grande ?
i’m gonna tweet a bunch of shit in a row and see what kinda stan i piss off first
throw back to when my theatre history 1 prof sent us an assignment that said “watch this video and write a 3 page paper on it” and it was actually Rick Astley — but there was a girl who had never been rickrolled before and ACTUALLY WROTE THE PAPER
“you just want the government to take care of you” yeah i do actually. that’s what it’s there for, anything else would just be an elite ruling class
@adultmomband @LeftAtLondon ok so collab
@existxntixl like i said i apologize in advance
@mlynchls either Red or Folklore but that may very well change
i think my next hyperfixation is gonna be taylor swift so fair warning i might be sort of insufferable for the next couple of weeks depending on how much serotonin i can squeeze out of her discography  i'd like to apologize in advance to my boyfriend
@existxntixl also say glee with your full chest there’s no room to be embarrassed here
@existxntixl CHALCJXJR I HAVE STUFF TO DO IM SORRY WE CAN LITERALLY NETFLIX PARTY
why do millennials on facebook say shit like “omg haha! stealing this!” like just share the post
@adultmomband gravity just. does something to me that no other song can
just applied to 2 jobs i’m probably not qualified for but that’s showbiz babey
niche tumblr reference: grungnort https://t.co/T6ZvJvBjdy
@ava_starasinic @RowanTheeBoat i know but i think i’m built different
i know rationally that that boat is like really stuck in the suez canal, but i just FEEL like if they let me drive it i could get it unstuck, i feel like i could do it
oh to relive the 2016 tumblr lizard election
everyone’s always like “y’all ain’t ready for aries season” and then none of y’all actually DO anything
can’t afford it https://t.co/OQHM16osAX
@adultmomband @taylorswift13 this playlist is gonna ruin me
question for everyone on this website: do you know what gaslighting actually means. quickly.
@existxntixl sometimes... even i am wrong. not often but... sometimes
demi got ari on a track...? might have to actually give the album a chance whoops
i’ve tweeted this so many times at this point but listening to non-queer people talk about queer issues gives me absolute brain rot
“haha sorry i’m new to zoom”   after a whole year of zoom classes?
