txhoneydip
0
because your soul is connected to mine and you know it
i can’t wait for my spring break vacation
my eyes are so swollen holy fuck
i eat seafood everyday, i am shrimp at this point
i be breaking my own heart
killed...me
my dms full but y’all don’t be liking my tweets... i hate men
@tweetsfromdell stooooop this is my fav video rn
my red week is soon, i cannot stop crying dude 🤒
jk i would make him homemade brownies
if i had a boyfriend i would simply be his girlfriend
certain things aren’t worth trying anymore, i can see that
gotta stop tweeting while i work but i can't help it, it's soooooo fucking boring
wait i’ve been saying identify wrong my whole life, i blame my mom’s country ass
doing crunches while i work because i am mad i never got any good photos of my abs when i had them 😟
wow my best pictures really never see the light of day... wife me real quick and you’ll get pictures all the time
i love it when your hair blows, hanging out the sun roof
i take the best pictures while cleaning my room... the power
don’t be messy now... she’s innocent, leave her out of it https://t.co/dDtTSGtWah
people think they know me but don’t even know my real name 🥱
my stomach has no business being this loud rn, bye
🥱 almost falling asleep while meditating, that’s how i know it’s a good session
okay i went way too hard at the gym because no waaaaaaay i should be feeling this shit RIGHT NOW. my legs are DONE 😂😂💀
wait he gave dude a shit sandwich???? electric chair immediately https://t.co/TRxmYvoBej
imagine how tired i am of meditating to forget about people who keep hurting my feelings. IMAGINE
my sister gave me jolly rancher lip balm, smells delicious. next person i kiss is very lucky
i have four journals in my bed... why can’t i keep all my writings in one place
wow, maybe i dreamt that 💀
@fataIhoney thanks gurrrrl 🤪😘 https://t.co/6DIUDAQZLo
doing a look book for next month and we’re off to a good start https://t.co/gw6rjkKG2x
nvm
i detest wealthy men.. my dad included
houston’s fairy angel is very hungry and is craving coffee rn
i’m gladddd my mommy had fun last night, soooo much fun that she triggered the alarm and the police came 🥴
this tornado warning is blowing my high bro
