anon_opin
1
"Serving suggestion" my arse. Pretending that your dry bran cereal is full of blueberries and banana pieces doesn't fool anyone.
I'm incredibly suspicious of politicians who don't mention the party they represent prominently on their social media profiles/bios. Representing everyone is a nice idea, but completely untenable in the current political climate. Are they ashamed of their party?
Ride's first two albums were the best British albums of the 90s
The later seasons of Friends are by far the best.
It's an excellent film, but if you tell me 'The Shawshank Redemption' is your "favourite movie EVER", I will judge you.
Add your unpopular opinions to the form:  Maybe you hate Neil Young?  https://t.co/jM15jNC318
You don't need a special avocado knife, just use a bloody teaspoon
A slice of toast is nothing more than a convenient way of serving a delicious portion of butter
Centre parcs is just a motorway services with a swimming pool
Jugglers: just stop it you sad sacks of shite.
People who don't acknowledge you actively moving over to create the 2m rule, are self-centred cunts. A nod or smile doesn't take much
Quality Street are shit chocolates. Giving them as a present is a sign of contempt.
The Boris Spitting Image puppet is shit. They've got the hair totally wrong, which is probably the main feature. Looks nothing like him.
I don't get the point of egg wash. It makes everything tastes like pennies and people who care how shiny their food is need to get their priorities straight.
Dogs are socialists, cats are fascists.
Oat milk? Fuck off. Oats don't lactate.
As long as we continue to keep thousands of animals in sheds full of their own shit we will continue to have pandemics.
Releasing balloons at funerals is tacky and basically just littering with the use of helium.
If Labour's experiment with a socialist leader had been Tony Benn instead, they'd have romped to victory in the general election and he would have eaten the EU for breakfast in the Brexit negotiations.
Salt in chocolate is a naff fad that will be over soon, thankfully.
I'm sure Birmingham will be great if they ever get around to finishing it.
I sometimes use the cat litter tray for a piss rather than go to one of the toilets in the house.
Minge beards make great soap sponges. Lather the old girl up then dip back down when you need more suds. Shaving is for pussies.
Add your unpopular opinions to the form:  Maybe you hate ladies gloves?  https://t.co/jM15jNC318
In order to walk 500 miles, one would have to circumnavigate the city of Edinburgh just under 19 times. Which isn't as much as the Proclaimers make it sound like.
I use AdBlocker because most online papers are unreadably cluttered. If you try and force me to disable it then I just won't read your content.  Because I literally can't.
If you think putting chilli in chocolate is a good idea I hope you go out of business. It's fucking awful.
Hair transplants should be free on the NHS; it's a confidence ruiner for both men and women.
Having children does not mean you're successful. All you did was perform a basic human function. Stop being so smug.
Zoom isn't an excuse to drag people out of bed outside of work hours. If you wouldn't call a meeting at 8pm, don't call one at 8am!
People that carp on about "Tulip Mania" when talking about BitCoin are just pissy because they haven't just paid off their mortgage after investing £1,200 seven years ago.
Any man who says he wouldn't turn gay for Dave Grohl is a liar
If you hang your coat up by the hood you're an arse who prevents anyone else sharing the hook. If your coat doesn't have a hanging loop you're a twat for buying it.
The double Big Mac - containing 3 slices of bread and 4 meat patties - is for fat blokes and no one else. If you're reading this and eating one you are a fat bloke.
I watch Teletubbies with my 1 y/o son. I absolutely detest those little aerial-headed cunts. The way they speak is probably bad for speech development. However, it cannot be denied that he absolutely fucking loves it and will sit for an hour. So, nnrrghh... well done Teletubbies.
The worst thing about the London Underground is the "Inspirational" messages on whiteboards.
Outdoorsy 'active' families are annoying, smug twats.
Politicians should not be using Twitter. It makes them look stupid.
People who claim they haven't had a parcel when they have are worse than shoplifters. Same with fraudulent insurance claims. Play by the rules, scumbags.
Dogs have got completely out of hand.
Commercial broadcasters "poaching" talent and formats from the BBC isn't just okay, it's actively desirable. Let the license fee take risks and nurture new talent, once something's big enough to look after itself let it go
Add your unpopular opinions to the form:  Maybe you love binoculars?  https://t.co/jM15jNC318
Cardiff is a miserable little city full of aggressive, rude people. The only people who like the place have never lived anywhere else for any amount of time.
The amount of people who expect their friends and families to take their shoes off indoors when they clearly haven't touched the hoover in weeks is, quite honestly, disgusting.
Modern bath plugs are much worse than original simple bath plugs. You can open them by mistake by moving, they break and are difficult to replace. This isn't progress
Only twats use dishwashers. It takes just as long to fill, operate and empty them as it does to stick the washing up in a bowl, clean it then leave to air dry on a rack.
Depression is a sensible and natural reaction to the shittiness of the world. We should stop trying to "cure" it and accept it as a normal part of life. It's the people who somehow remain cheerful that have something wrong with them.
Guinness is the perfect beer. Cold enough for hot weather, yet hearty enough for cold weather. Not strong or heavily carbonated which perfectly suits a session on it.
If you shower in the evening rather than the morning you are a manky idiot who smells.
It is ludicrous how long it took human beings to come up with the head torch and the telescopic ladder.
A world in which Firefly had run for eight seasons would be a far better world than this.
The most useless job in journalism is "Royal Correspondent". Imagine having to breathlessly report on every fucking bowel movement of Prince William. Tossers.
Journalism is one big club, with lots of the big names super-matey with each other. That's why you see comment writers spout the most heinous shit &amp; get away with it. Mates of the editor.
Britain makes hundreds of brilliant cheeses but Stilton isn't one of them.
Faith schools should be abolished. They are brainwashing future generations. Religion should be treated like smoking; properly taxed, kept out of public/government buildings and illegal to give to children.
There is not one likeable character in Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory, not even Charlie Bucket, Prick!
"The Blues Brothers" is a bit of a misnomer as, aside from "Sweet Home Chicago", they don't play the blues; they're a soul-revue band, if anything.
Darts isn't a sport. It's a tactic for slowing down your chain smoking.
We read The Hobbit and the first book of The Lord of the Rings at school and they were quite awful.  I would only watch the movies if someone assured me that they only used the titles of the books and none of the text.
Add your unpopular opinions to the form:  Maybe you have strong opinions on trombones?  https://t.co/jM15jNC318
The theme song for Buffy the Vampire Slayer is the best theme song in TV history.
The only way to get capitalism to work the way the Tories say it does is to impose a strict maximum size on businesses. The moment a business becomes "too big to fail" it looses all incentive to adapt to changing circumstances, and becomes a source of stagnation.
People under 6 foot 5 shouldn't be allowed to use an umbrella because they always try to stab it in someone's eye
"Positive thinking" is a total scam which teaches people to ignore everything instead of having normal, healthy, negative thoughts and dealing with those.
The correct order of peppers is: red, orange, yellow, green. It is known.
I think Richard Ashcroft just goes to his barber and says "make me look like a Crimewatch photofit please".
Any grown adult that makes themselves into one of those Apple emojis - you're just lying to yourself. You're fatter than that you childish fucker.
Ferrets make much better pets than cats, funnier, cuddlier, more intelligent.  Cats have just had better PR in the past.
70% dark chocolate is enough. Anything higher is inedible and 100% is like eating road tar.
You win again by the Bee Gees trumps all their previous work
Baseball is just rounders with a bigger bat. And it's incredibly dull.
Only virgins own Funko Pops
The White Stripes were utter shit. They got a free pass because people were desperate for something different to come along.
Outrage culture began with the Russell Brand / Jonathan Ross 'SachsGate' thing, and how two complaints became 30,000 and a lust for shaming by the Daily Mail. Britain has been purple-faced with fury and anal tension ever since.
Coffee tastes like Satan's arsehole.
It's about time some younger Dr Who fans realise they're really just fans of Russel T Davies. He's done some great work since leaving - go watch Years and Years.
Magical Mystery Tour is the best Beatles album.
Add your unpopular opinions to the form:  Maybe you have strong opinions on Ronnie Barker?  https://t.co/jM15jNC318
I think all Premier league footballers shouldn't get paid a single penny unless they score. Pffft.
Nigel Farage is the turd-that-won't-flush of British politics.
Liam Gallagher is essentially a monkey-faced Manc chancer with contrived catchphrases and a daft anorak. He's no different to various try-hard fame-whore shelf stackers with shit hats who got voted off early in Big Brother.
The other two were the best members of East 17
Streaming services shouldn't be allowed to count towards the hit parade. You might as well let podcasts chart.
Blade Runner is a classic but ironically the Syd Mead-designed dystopian sets have stunted the imagination of sci-fi movie and TV production designers ever since - we need to move on from "dark, rainy and vaguely-Japanese" as an aesthetic.
Cashews really aren't worth the extra they cost over peanuts.
Donald Trump did a fantastic job.  His job was to divide and destabilise the USA to ensure it's decline from "superpower" status and allow Russia and China to become the global powers in the 21st century. He has done this brilliantly.
Camera phones killed off all the old myths: Big Foot, Nessie, et al. This is a huge shame as all the nut-jobs who believed in these had to follow more damaging conspiracy theories like Anti-Vax and Q-Anon.
Post-apocalyptic and zombie fiction is directly responsible for nearly all of the tinfoil hat loon conspiracy theories currently in vogue. People just don't have the mental capacity to filter reality from fantasy.
The world would be better if the internet had never been invented.
There's no word for female genitalia that isn't twee, crass or gynaecological.
Having a beard does not make you a Viking.
