catwarships
1
Squirtle?!?!
I wish I had the money to do anything rn. I literally have nothing to look forward to in life
Love seeing fun events that I’m to broke to attend. I literally have no room in my budget for any type of fun including just getting food somewhere, so seeing fun things just makes me really bitter
I miss being a vendor at conventions because the look of wonder on kids faces when they see all the weird stuff I’m selling. Like, I’ll never for get this one kid who was obsessed with an eyeball necklace and he came back to the table several times just to look at it
I wish Bachelor Chow existed because I hate making food
Bro I’m watching a John Wayne Gacy documentary and my town awarded him man of the year when he lived here, wild
I love her and I hope men start treating her right
Shoutout to the woman on her balcony having a very loud, very curse filled phone call while there is a family outside having a bbq
I daydream about having nice cleaning supplies
What if I make a pb and j on a bun, what are you gonna do ki-
This is Sprout jr son of Sprout. I thought he wasn’t gonna propagate, so I threw him in a random pot and he showed me. He is so tiny!!!! https://t.co/qLWE8owQeq
Hottest new pose in town is the Patterson-Gimlin Bigfoot https://t.co/EDDFsD15G7
Living on the edge of town in Iowa is just like, well I guess it’ll just smell like pure cow shit sometimes 🤷‍♂️
You know that episode of bobs burgers where we find out gayle has to pretend it’s the apocalypse to go to sleep? I do that, not every night, but sometimes you just gotta pretend you are safe in a little cave
Got my first vaccine dose!
It’s the one day of the year my glasses are appropriate https://t.co/HssdGgZ7G9
She’s an April fool https://t.co/6zG0bNjix1
Would the vaccine people be annoyed or delighted if I wore silly glasses to my vaccine appointment
I get my vaccine today, I’m very nervous
I have been fooling you all I am actually a cat https://t.co/iCDtzaFucZ
I want #satanshoes to do evil in https://t.co/LTZI7ZnLwE
I need new shoes
I heard a ru paul ad on YouTube while I was driving and I legit thought it was Jon Lovitiz
Hate https://t.co/NKgbh5B32X
@fleetwoodbrak I’ve watched a lot of this show just as something to have on and what’s really odd is it was clearly supposed to be more heavily focused on the fact that the main character is friends with Jesus, but they’ve almost completely gotten rid of that aspect of the show
If you invite me on a discord call with a bunch of new people I will go through the gambit of conspiracy theories I believe in
Gonna make a big worm https://t.co/MVNNvN90Y1
https://t.co/1hFFm580o4
My cat will only drink her water if I pour it from the tap into a cup, take a sip so she can see me and then pour it into her bowl. Like a tiny little queen with her water tester
I used to have a two foot tall Homer Simpson dressed as Radioactive man and I used to use him as a pin cushion because he was right next to the sewing machine. I hope he found a home that loves him
Worm https://t.co/sKM2jnFU7A
I love revenge
@lapindaze So far it’s pretty fun, but I’m making a very large rug and I have just one row done, so who knows how I will feel closer to the middle lol
I’m making a rug
@OcularOccult I came to the same realization a while ago and I can literally see a difference in my hair already
I wish I was a Hanna Barbera cartoon cat
Popular tumblr t*rf post I’m on is circling again, can’t wait to get hate during this especially fragile time in my life
@OcularOccult I’m not even talking about the expectation to have sex as a teenager, I’m 26, I’ve been an adult virgin for a while now and people treat me like I’m so weird or that it’s a joke. I literally had someone think I was making a joke when I said I was a virgin
Like, if you’re gonna call someone a creep, just call them a creep.
I constantly feel isolated because of this and it’s one of the things I’m most sensitive about, so when people act like being a virgin is funny or pathetic it genuinely hurts me.
Being a virgin well into your adulthood is not creepy or weird or a measure of your worth, but the way people use it as an insult really makes it feel that way! I am a gay trans man in Iowa, the only options I have for sex are chasers or old men who want me to be their son
Like, they really minimized my worries just so they could feel better and continue having fun
I’ll never forget my horrible former friend who when I said I was worried my mom was gonna die they were like “Don’t say that you’ll manifest it” and then two days later my mom died.
Another piece that I made recently that I put a lot of love into that got absolutely no attention. The screen on her face can be swapped out for another face. Her screen is made of actual glass and it took a lot of work to get that right. https://t.co/uQb2toSWaK
I’m incredibly proud of this and it took me a very long time please pay attention to it https://t.co/0jHuCTm1Dk
I was getting random anon hate on tumblr a long time ago and I just now realized it was because I had added on to a somewhat popular post about identifying t*rfs. So cool
@heytherejeffro John Wayne Gacy used to own the KFC here
My direct deposit dropped but so did a fucking snowstorm, so I can’t go and get the food I wanted
