feliidaes
1
i wanna try to draw adimus later maybe.. i love my big mean hot demon man
waking up at 830am was worth it just for the taco bell breakfast i just got. now to go pass out for a few hours
first vaccine dose done 💪
being up this early feels kinda nice but i only got like 4 hours of sleep and i just Know im gonna be miserable soon
i rly hope i dont have a bad reaction to the vaccine but im glad i was able to find an appointment. tmrw morning is the only one available for the next few weeks 😳
"lol i know they stink" "im m/i but how do people wallow in their own filth so gross" how bout we shut the fuck up and not shame ppl for not being able to do something you find easy
forgot i had to go get tested tmrw and i made an apptmt to get my first vaccine dose right after so i just had to shower at 2am. im not gonna like waking up before 10am lol
can we not shame mentally ill ppl for displaying symptoms pls
@zhamusiel its more of Knowing you need to clean but not having the energy or willpower to actually do it, it sucks
all these surveys and more are taking up my inventory im gonna go insane https://t.co/CPYpw2o9o9
i wouldnt care abt logging on genshim but i spent 5$ on the 90 primos a day for a month and i aint wasting that
eso resets in 20 but i can get a few in
NOOO I FORGOT TO DO MY ESO DAILIES AND LOG ON GENSHIN. LEAPS OUT OF BED
why is it paranormal investigation vids are always like "we cut the investigation short bc we felt like there was someone/something there with us" ISNT THAT THE POINT...???? TO FIND THAT SHIT???
if yall like scary shit, the channel nukes top 5 on youtube has some really great videos
ive watched stuff like this since i was a child and im p confident in being able to tell the legitimacy of shit like that but boy i love the thrill of being like "what the fuck was that" and having absolutely no idea
i love horror shit and its so nice to be able to watch paranormal videos and have the moments of not being able to tell if its fake or real, but it looks so real its terrifying
@katsvbomb HGJDFHG ITS OKAY i was just hoping to get a character i didnt already have, but at least i have ~20 days to get more fates ;;w;;
i got barbara from the event pull. ive already pulled her twice before this im so sad
yes this is the same server they got called racist for pointing out the homo/transphobia thats still very alive in japan....🥴 Anyway,
lrt lol i remember when my partner got a warning message for just kindly making a comment in a server saying they didnt have the same trans headcanon as someone else. when both of us are trans. yea im still pissy over that shit
shell be 12 this year and jasper will be 10 😭
lrt as an incest survivor navigating reading shit nowadays is so fucking hard bc of authors and ppl like them. fuck them, i hope they burn
@shainehinnant LMAOO YEAH shes one of Those People. racist nd gross
@shainehinnant RIGHT LIKE WTF!! heres the comment i found about it back in feb https://t.co/stpvN5VlR2
@shainehinnant YEAH.... another thing i heard from reviewers is that she also harassed ppl publicly on her twit if they left bad reviews on her books 😬
emily duncan is such a shitty person, ive seen SO much bad shit abt her circulating in book communities. fuck her
driving is exhaustinggg
i dont want to drive back today but i gotta.... 😭
she https://t.co/RUhxwby7tA
