jennaski
1
Fuck it
Everything is so fucking stupid
Must be nice to have friends that actually want to hang out with you and to have a happy outlook on life. Whoever has that, never let it go
Life's a bitch then you die
You ever so high you go to take your hat off but then realize you took it off like an hour ago?😂
So I've ingested 6 types of mushrooms today. If only I could have the special ones
Made mushroom gravy with fresh baby Bella, shiitake, crimini mushrooms and used trader Joe's unami mushroom seasoning which has dried porcini and button mushrooms in it, with smashed roasted potatoes and air fried chicken style oyster mushrooms today 🤣
🙃
Lucky me https://t.co/EXKCDTfWJ4
I love how no one listens to me when I talk
If life could stop being stressful for just 1 day that would be great lmao but we all know that will never happen.
Theres always a family event or somewhere I have to go. Something always keeping me from doing what I want even if it's just for a little bit
Nobody fucking understands how bad I just want one day where I can just relax at home on my farm doing what I want. No one. So fucking tired of doing shit I don't want to do. Every single fucking day.
My dad and I got more stuff planted today. So happy to have things in the ground ♡
Being a receptionist at a veterinary clinic can be a lot but I wouldn't rather do any other job ♡
I just want to sleep
Like I need to get the goats room cleaned out and straw put down for them, my canning kitchen/lounge room/potato&amp;squash storage room built, area behind my fire pit cleared out so we can have what my mom has always wanted, need to burn the giant pile on the fire pit,
I'm stressed. I have a million things to do around the farm and I just want a day off  and someone to help me but theres always so much going on. I just want to get things on my to do list done so my mind can be clear when time comes for the garden
I'm so excited to become a business partner with my dad for our farm ♡
I wish it wasn't so windy and cold here I would go sledding right now. Haven't done that in a while 🙃
It's amazing that I sold some potatoes today. Making money pretty much year round on things I grew is nice.
I love being a farmer so much. I can't wait to expand my farm
