kittykatmreow
1
oh shit the rotting corpse finally died
spongebob smoking weed
theyre so difficult,......
does all my exercises exceot the rubber band ones and instead just sits there trying to psych myself up for them
the flytraps ive been getting from the garden store are just Not thriving. they havent grown, no matter what i do. the plants i usually get online have always thrived, so i just ordered a couple of those. if the garden store ones start growing before then, then i guess ill have 4
but yeah, man if you grow up in columbus you learn jack hannas name before the presidents
golf kart, not go kart. man i wish he was in a go kart
lrt maaan this sucks. he was an actually good guy, one time i went to the zoo for girl scouts and he just pulls up alongside us in a go kart and says 'hey kids want a tour' completely unprompted
i love these funky dudes https://t.co/ygsMoIVRBk
i Do get free tickets every day so it wont even cost anything if i pack a lunch
i think im just gonna go to the zoo every week, even if i gotta go by myself. i think id like that
standing still for 6 hours sucks. but walking for 6 hours doesnt. my body doesnt know what it wants
the cool think about masks is that you dont have to put sunscreen on your cheeks
she had her tongue out!!!! https://t.co/tdDzKhNJqV
lady https://t.co/bwnZIaAVEC
her name is minuette and she Will hurt you https://t.co/e35J1yVdc6
i think she deserves it
got like, the prettiest adopt ive ever seen and i was immediately like oh cool!! im gonna make her evil
i think what infuriates me the most is those little tiny face shields people wear on their chins that is like 1 inch tall so it covers absolutely nothing, not that face shields do anything in the first place anyway
@LiamBarrak1999 waaaaa thank you...... https://t.co/3NJ1hr77w4
idk why im typing this ive just been thinking about it. i think im doing well, despite everything
im also in an art-focused group now where i can ask for critiques on how to make my art better. ive been kind of afraid to do that so far, but i think ill try
i find that im better at drawing single characters than characters with backgrounds. maybe cuz im really really not used to backgrounds. so ive been trying to draw more involved pieces lately so maybe ill get better at it. also shading, i want to get better at that
i dont think im very good at art and that kinda makes me upset. but ive been working on not being upset over it. i cant get instantly better at art, but i can make art regardless of if i think its good or not. idk
@TheHemny id say at least do it so you get at least some points, but you dont gotta stress over it
wait did the nft market crash this is so fucking funny
i spent over 30 minutes on this question and gave up and just wrote like 'calculator gave me this number. thats all your getting'
"find the exact value using techniques" WHAT TECHNIQUES, SIR
this is why you are all so fucked up
there is ONE der dutchman in florida. the rest are ohio. i am losing my mind
wait is der dutchman only an ohio thing, im shaking
also had a nice conversation with a family who were ALL into pokemon and i was like 'all i really collect are the japanese cards now haha' and they were like OH SHIT US TOO
a kid saw my pikachu mask today and decided that meant i knew what among us was and showed me her among us bracelet. the thing is, she was right
kid we got red pandas, i think that counts. go look at kora
im not complaining i just think its so funny
he was telling me like 'heres what you gotta do to get a panda' as if me, a seasonal retail associate, can do anything around here
a kid got really mad at me the other day cuz the zoo doesnt have pandas. like im sorry but what do you want me to do about it? personally go to china and ask the government to take a panda with me?
the cut i got yesterday hasnt scabbed yet and im so confused. like its not bleeding anymore its just a divot in my skin its so strange.
i love getting a stomach bug on one of the busiest days at work so i have to abandon my coworkers, love it
i also just had a rly bad day today, so maybe i just wanted it to be over. still mad tho
yes im mad
today someone that came in at 12:30 went home before me and i joked "aww i got here at 8:30 lemme goooo" and THATS how i got to go home. they forgot i opened the store &lt;3
i wish we were better staffed, its never been like this.
and then i gotta wake up at 6am the next day and do it again
the store will close at 5:45, 15 minutes after im scheduled to leave (which is fine) but then i will stay until 6:30 cleaning the store because i cant work up the nerve to ask to go home
knowing tomorrow i have a 9 hour shift thats going to turn into a 10-11 hour shift because we will be busy and im a pushover
sliced my finger open on some cardboard today &lt;3
walked in today and a coworker was like 'i meant to mention this before but you lost a ton of weight didnt you' and good thing i had a mask on cuz i was smiling so much. she made my day. shes the first person to mention other than my pt
anyone else suddenly realize they inhabit a body and get really freaked out
